hi kids today we're going to learn how
to count the numbers 1 to 20 can you
count from 1 to 20 let's try it together
1 1
to do
three three
four five
five fine
six thanks
seven
8:8
nine-nine
10:10
11:11
12:12
13:13
14:14
15 15 16 16 17 17 18 18 19 19 20 20
outstanding now let's count backwards
from 20 to 1
nineteen
17:17
16:16
15:15
14:14
13:13
12:12
11:11
ten time
nine-nine
8:8
7/7
six-six
bye-bye
for boy
three three
to do
one lie
fantastic now let's see how well you can
count on your own count the stars in the
sky
and tell me how many there are fifteen
nineteen
Thanks
to
eleven great job kids click here to
watch our fun counting from 10 to 20
music video you can sing along and
practice don't forget to click like and
don't forget to subscribe to our You
Tube channel thanks for watching
you